Hello, guys.
After launching Spider, we seen The View.
We'll briefly describe the layout of this program.
Some of us may have a slightly different user interface due to recent program updates.
I also said the Vanguard theme.
You can do it in the tools preferences setup and through the preferred theme.
I will stay with this because I like it.
On the left, we have a window in which we can write our python code.
On the right, we have a window with some additional information that facilitates working with the program.
One of them is a variable explorer where we can see defined variables.
This is very helpful, especially for beginners in Python.
Another is file explorer eight to where we can view the current folders and files in our working directory.
And below we have a console that will display our results.
If you want to check our working directory, we can use the p w the print working directory command.
The path to our working directory will be displayed, which is theophilus user slash username.
This is the default path to my home directory and we have the same thing in the toolbar to change the
working directory.
We can do this in at least two ways.
We can click on the folder icon and select the exact working directory or enter the path manually.
Let's try to choose the directory where we want to have our five.
I keep all the repositories in the rebels directory.
If we go to the file Explorer, we can see the folders in our working directory and here we will create
a directory in which we can store files about our records.
Let's give the name Python, underscore curve and click.
Okay.
The directory has been created.
This directory empty.
We can see that the path name has been changed.
If we now use the p.w dx command, we already have our catalog of Corus.
I recommend you make up directory and store all five here.
Now we will create the first file in our working directory.
Right click, then new file.
Then we give the name of our file.
Zero one underscore enter dot p.
P is the python file extension by default.
A new window will open with our file, which is empty and saved in our working directory to feed the
parent folder.
We can click the up arrow to return.
We can double click on the python under the characters directory.
That's all.
We are ready to go further.
Thank you for watching, Feel.